Release 1.9.1 (#440)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-typescript: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.9.1 (24/03/2021)

**olp-sdk-dataservice-api**

> - Fixed the bug related to the crash in the Config API when calling the function `catalogExists`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the bug related to the crash in the Config API that occurred when the `catalogExists` function was called..
```
